[CHILI GraFx] AI Usage update (#728)
chili-publish/grafx-documentation: docs/CHILI-GraFx/trust/AI/index.md

- There is no cross-customer data usage
- There is no reuse of customer data outside the scope of the Services

## AI transparency and content marking

CHILI GraFx aims to make it clear when content has been shaped by AI. How this is surfaced depends on the capability, because each produces a different kind of output:

- **GraFx Genie Actions** produces standard template logic in plain JavaScript — the same kind of script a developer would write by hand. It is reviewed and controlled by the template designer and runs only within the fenced logic of a template.
- **GraFx Genie Vision** records, in the asset's metadata, whether its Subject Area and Point of Interest were determined by AI or set manually — so it is always possible to tell AI-detected values apart from human-defined ones. These values can be reviewed and overridden by the user at any time.

> - **GraFx Labs** labels AI-generated images as created using generative AI (recorded as a *Content Creator: Created using Generative AI* marker on the image), so generated visuals can be recognised as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GraFx Labs** labels AI-generated images as created using generative AI (recorded as a *Content Creator: Created using Generative AI* metadata tag on the image), so generated visuals can be recognised as such.
```
